I'm here with Tef, who will tell
something you may not know about origami
Tef, be'go 'and tell.
I would like to tell you about a piece of origami,
that is in the room. Satellites have solar panels
and solar panels should be unfolded.
Imagine a paper slowly unfolding.
Unfortunately, in order to unfold most solar panels, one needs to use
two engines. One to pull it this way, and one to pull the other way,
this way. But Japanese astrophysicists realized that one
probably could do it with one engine instead, and what
He found out this was. He could take a solar panel
and fold it all the way out with only one engine.
Not only that, he could also fold it all the way in.
How to do this is to fold the paper
in fifths, such. Granted, now I get it to look easy,
and then you keep folding it again and again,
and make almost a snake all the way, so there is
a small angle all the way. But what this is
meaning is that the paper can fold a lot
more compact and much faster than that
common way of folding. This way of folding is called
Miura folding and it is also used for anything other than solar panels. You have
recently tested it with lithium-ion batteries
because it folds so compactly that it improves
energy density. But that's not why I love this.
Not because it has been in the room, but because it works
really good with cards. One can take a card out of his
pocket, fold it out quickly, see exactly where you are, and
Quickly fold it back together. And no other folds I know of
for short, can do this. So despite being one
fantastic piece of origami that has been in the room, is it
In fact, the most useful piece of origami I know of
down here on earth.